Add section about auto-migration for legacy Google Ads Conversions mappings [DOC-934] (#6666)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-google-enhanced-conversions/index.md

id: 60ae8b97dcb6cc52d5d0d5ab
---

The Google Ads Conversions destination enables you to upload offline conversions and conversion adjustments to Google Ads in a privacy safe way. With this server-side destination, you can upload conversions to the [Google Ads API](https://developers.google.com/google-ads/api/docs/conversions/overview){:target="_blank"} and tie them to a user's online click or phone call. In addition, you can improve the accuracy of your conversion measurement by sending conversion enhancements, restatements, and retractions. 

> warning "Upload Enhanced Conversion (Legacy) Actions will be deprecated after June 30th, 2024"

> > Segment will automatically migrate all enabled Upload Enhanced Conversion (Legacy) actions to the updated Upload Conversion Adjustment mappings on June 7th, 2024. For more information, see the [Automatic migration from Upload Enhanced Conversion (Legacy) Action](#automatic-migration-from-upload-enhanced-conversion-legacy-action) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Segment will automatically migrate all enabled Upload Enhanced Conversion (Legacy) mappings to the updated Upload Conversion Adjustment mappings on June 7th, 2024. For more information, see the [Automatic migration from Upload Enhanced Conversion (Legacy) Action](#automatic-migration-from-upload-enhanced-conversion-legacy-action) documentation.
```

Reviewer: Could we add some verbiage to emphasis these are required steps. Also add a note to disable the the legacy mapping.

Reviewer: Can we also remove the June 7th - don't want any committed dates depending on when the migration runs/is completed and any issues

6. On the **Settings** tab, authenticate with Google using OAuth. Click **Connect to Google Ads Conversions**. Follow the prompts to authenticate using OAuth, with a Google account that is a member of your Google Ads account.
7. Follow the steps in the Destinations Actions documentation on [Customizing mappings](/docs/connections/destinations/actions/#customizing-mappings).

{% include components/actions-fields.html settings="true"%}

## Migrate from your legacy Upload Enhanced Conversion Action

To migrate from the legacy Upload Enhanced Conversion Action to the updated Upload Conversion Adjustment Action: 

> 1. Navigate to the Google Ads Conversions destination in your warehouse and select the **Settings** tab. 

Reviewer: Would it be possible to add these screenshots, I know we don't like having screenshots since they may go out of date, but we can make a plan to remove this whole section. 
![Screenshot 2024-06-05 at 12 04 17 PM](https://github.com/segmentio/segment-docs/assets/89420099/1c816566-b177-4cae-a81f-920f1334e74e)
![Screenshot 2024-06-05 at 12 21 16 PM](https://github.com/segmentio/segment-docs/assets/89420099/af93bc9d-7b8b-46a1-ad26-2d692ee57429)
![Screenshot 2024-06-05 at 12 22 59 PM](https://github.com/segmentio/segment-docs/assets/89420099/56128cd2-2701-4041-a081-a8616cc54b47)
![Screenshot 2024-06-05 at 12 26 59 PM](https://github.com/segmentio/segment-docs/assets/89420099/4b33e99c-6e92-4611-84b3-6324ca607ca9)

Reviewer: Include the last step of disabling and enabling

| last_name              | last_name                   | `$.properties.lastName` or `$.traits.lastName` |
| street_address         | street_address              | `$.properties.address.street` or `$.traits.address.street` |
| city                   | city                       | `$.properties.address.city` or `​​$.traits.address.city` |
| region                 | state                      | `$.properties.address.state` or `$.traits.address.state` |
| post_code              | postal_code                 | `$.properties.address.postalCode` or `$.traits.address.postalCode` |
| country                | country                     | `$.properties.address.country` or `$.traits.address.country` |
| N/A | gclid                  | Default Not Available        | 
| N/A | adjustment_timestamp   | Default Not Available        | 
| N/A | restatement_value      | Default Not Available        | 
| N/A | restatement_currency_code | Default Not Available     |

### Automatic migration from Upload Enhanced Conversion (Legacy) Action
The Upload Enhanced Conversion action relies on the Google Enhanced Conversion Legacy API, which will be deprecated on June 30th, 2024.

> Starting on June 7, 2024, Segment will migrate all enabled legacy Upload Enhanced Conversion mappings to the new Upload Conversion Adjustment mapping, preserving as many mapping fields as possible. 

Author: ```suggestion
On June 7, 2024, Segment will begin migrating all enabled legacy Upload Enhanced Conversion mappings to the new Upload Conversion Adjustment mapping, preserving as many mapping fields as possible. 
```
